hello community and welcome to surrender
our twenties first-ever all draft all
mid proving grounds tournament nurse
flan here to help highlight the
important details you'll need to know in
order to participate in the event first
stop this is the best of one single
elimination challenge to be met on the
proving grounds with it being draft you
have a chance to ban certain champions
and set up your team to best handle your
opposition the prize is a five dollar RP
card for each member of the winning team
depending on how well this mini
tournament is received we can plan for
bigger and better events in the future
the proving grounds tournament will be
held on a Saturday and Sunday at 8pm PST
depending on how many teams are able to
sign up future weekends will be
scheduled to accommodate all the games
it will also be streamed for your
viewing convenience with possible
commentary from staff members you are
welcome to enter with your own 5 steam
or feel free to use the commenting
system on this 220 post finds & tinis
you can also use the surrender a tiny
in-game chat channel by clicking the
little speech bubble at the bottom right
then type in surrender at 20 be sure to
include your in-game name primary and
secondary roles and your hours of
availability for team practices to join
please have one member of your team
submit their roster to nurse friend
hundred twenty net be sure to include
your team name the in-game names of each
team member and their primary role one
sign ups of clothes will begin creating
the bracket system still forget to check
back in the next day or two to see when
your team is scheduled to play while
summoners thanks for checking out
surrender twenties first all draft all
mid proving grounds tournament should
you have any other questions please feel
free to leave it as a comment on this
post Twitter or Facebook page have fun
and hope to see you all on our chat
channel
you